500px, Inc.
L I C E N S E  A G R E E M E N T
This License Agreement, together with any invoice (collectively, the “
Agreement
”), sets forth the terms and 
conditions between you, your employer, or any other client or end
-
user on whose behalf you are 
purchasing a 
license as the licensee (collectively, “
You(r)
” or “
Licensee
”) and 500px, Inc. (“
500px
”), as licensor. Your 
acceptance of this Agreement by licensing any images offered for licensing on the website (“
Image(s)
”) forms a 
binding agreement betwee
n Licensee and 500px.
Please read this Agreement carefully before downloading any Images. By downloading any Image, Licensee 
agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, 500px’s Privacy Statement and 500px’s Website Terms of 
Use.
1. 
Ownership of Im
ages
. All Images on the 500px Website are protected by United States copyright law and
international copyright treaties. 500px and/or its contributors own or control all rights, including the copyrights in 
and to the Images. 500px and/or its Contributors r
eserve all rights in and to the Images not expressly granted to 
Licensee in this Agreement.
2. 
License Terms
.
2.1. 
Standard License
.
Web and Print ready
. Subject to the terms of this License Agreement, 500px grants Licensee a perpetual,
worldwide, non
-
t
ransferable, non
-
sublicensable, non
-
exclusive right to reproduce, transmit and display, in
whole or in part, the Images and right to create derivative works (collectively “use”) with respect to the Images
identified on 500px’s Invoice, for up to 500,000 pr
int copies and up to 1,000,000 impressions for digital
copies, under a standard license, for all uses in all media, subject to the restricted uses in Section 3 described
below. As part of the standard license, Licensee may alter, crop, modify or adapt the 
Images. Licensee may
make a copy of the content for internal back
-
up purposes provided 500px’s copyright management
information and any Image identifying information embedded with the digital file (“metadata”) is retained with
the file. Limited, temporary 
transfers of the Images are permitted to third parties integral to the creation of the
final product, provided such third parties agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement. 500px offers legal
coverage of up to US$10,000 per licensed Image with all stan
dard licenses (please refer to Section 6.4 below
for additional information about 500px’s legal coverage).
Single user
. This license is granted to one Licensee. An additional multi
-
seat license must be obtained for
other members of Licensee’s organization
to access Images and use them, as set forth in Section 2.2(iii) below.
2.2. 
Extended Licenses
. You may purchase an extended license to increase the usage rights granted in the
standard license as follows:
i. 
Unlimited print runs and impressions 
use the 
Images to create unlimited (a) print reproductions in excess
of 500,000 copies, including without limitation, advertising, marketing and promotional materials, newspapers,
magazines, books or product packaging; and (b) digital impressions in excess of 1,00
0,000 copies, including
without limitation, video, television, cinema, software, applications, and electronic documents, subject to the
restricted uses in Section 3 described below.
ii. 
Products for sale 
incorporate the 
Images 
into print or electronic 
products for resale or distribution,
(including templates and on
-
demand products) without regard to the size of the print run, manufacturing units,
or impressions of such products (including individual downloads), including without limitation, screen
-
saver
s or
wallpapers for mobile devices, website designs, presentation templates, electronic greeting cards, print
greeting cards, business cards, t
-
shirts or other clothing or accessories, tote bags, mugs, magnets,
calendars, posters or any other electronic or
printed matter, provided that such product either combines the
Image with words and/or other graphics or images; or the Image is not the primary factor driving the sale of
such product.
iii. 
Multi
-
seat License 
provides multiple members of a team within t
he same organization access to licensed
Images. Unless a multi
-
seat license is purchased, Images may not be stored on a server or content
management system which gives more than one person simultaneous access to the content.
iv. 
Extended Legal Coverage 
of
fers legal coverage of up to US$250,000 per licensed Image with all extended
licenses (please refer to Section 6.4 below for additional information about 500px’s legal coverage).
2.3. 
Ownership of Derivative Works
. In the event that Licensee creates a 
derivative work based on or
incorporating one or more Images, all rights in and to such Images shall continue to be owned by 500px or its
Contributor, subject to Licensee’s rights to use such Image(s) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
2.4. 
Marketin
g and Promotion of Derivative Works
. Licensee grants 500px the right to display or reference
Licensee’s derivative work using or incorporating licensed Images for any marketing, educational, and/or
promotional purposes as an example of customer usage.
2.5
. 
Limited Exclusivity
. You may request that future licensing of an Image be removed from the Marketplace for 
a limited period of time for an additional license fee by contacting 500px at sales@500px.com. Not all Images may 
be available to be removed from a
ll marketplaces and past licensees will retain the right to continue to use the 
Image.
3. 
Restrictions on Image Use
. Licensee may NOT without obtaining specific prior written consent from 500px 
(which may not be available) do the following:
i. Sublicense
, sell, assign, convey or transfer any of its rights under this Agreement (except for derivative works
incorporating any Image).
ii. 
Without obtaining an appropriate extended license
, 
use the Images to 
create 
(a) 
print reproductions in 
excess of 500,00
0copies
, including without limitation, advertising, marketing and promotional materials, 
newspapers, magazines, books or product packaging; 
and 
(b) 
digital impressions in excess of 1,000,000 copies
, 
including without limitation, video, television, cinema, software, applications, and electronic documents.  
iii. 
Without obtaining an appropriate extended license, 
incorporate 
the Images in
to print or electronic 
products for resale or distribution, (inc
luding templates and on
-
demand products), without regard to the size of the 
print run, manufacturing units, or impressions of such products (including individual downloads), including without 
limitation, 
screen
-
savers or wallpaper
s
for mobile devices
, webs
ite designs, presentation templates, electronic 
greeting cards, print greeting cards, business cards, t
-
shirts or other clothing or accessories, tote bags, mugs, 
magnets, calendars, posters or any other electronic or printed matter, provided that such prod
uct either combines 
the Image with words and/or graphics or images; or the Image is not the primary factor driving the sale of such 
product.  
iv. 
Without obtaining a multi
-
seat license, 
provide
multiple members of a team within the same organization acce
ss 
to licensed Images. Unless a multi
-
seat license is purchased, Images may not be stored on a server or content
management system which gives more than one person simultaneous access to the content.
v. Sell, license or distribute its final product in suc
h a way that permits Licensee’s end
-
users to extract or access
any Image as a stand
-
alone unmodified file.
vi. Incorporate any Image into a logo, trademark or service mark.
vii. Use any Image in a pornographic, defamatory, libelous or otherwise illegal 
manner, whether directly or in
context or juxtaposition with other subject matter and materials.
viii. Use any Image in any manner prohibited by any international export laws, restrictions or regulations.
ix. Falsely represent (either expressly or by imp
lication) that Licensee is the original creator of a visual work that 
derives a substantial part of its artistic components from any Image.
x. Without obtaining the prior written consent of 500px and the payment of an additional license fee, upload an
Ima
ge as an unmodified standalone file to file
-
sharing websites or social networking websites or other third party 
website that claims to acquire 
ownership 
rights in the Images
contrary to the terms of this Agreement. Upon 500px’s request, Licensee shall imme
diately remove any
Images from such platform or website.
xi. Use content identified as “Editorial Use Only”, for any commercial, promotional, endorsement, advertising or
merchandising use. For the avoidance of doubt, “Editorial Use Only” means use rela
ting to events that are
newsworthy or of general interest and expressly excludes any advertorial sections (i.e. sections or
supplements featuring brand and/or product names or sections or supplements in relation to which Licensee
receives a fee from a thir
d
-
party advertiser or sponsor).
xii. Use the Images for editorial purposes without including the following credit adjacent to the Image or included in 
audio/visual production credits “© Photographer Name / 500px”
4. 
Sensitive Use Disclaimer
. If an Image 
featuring a model or property is used in connection with a subject that 
would be unflattering, embarrassing or unduly controversial to a reasonable person (except for Images identified as 
“Editorial Use Only” used in an editorial manner), Licensee must acc
ompany each such use with a conspicuous 
statement that indicates that (i) the Image is being used for illustrative purposes only; and (ii) if a recognizable 
person is depicted in the Image, that person is a model.
5. 
Releases
. Model releases can be provid
ed to Licensee for Images containing identifiable persons upon 
request, if 500px indicates that a model release is available. 
Personal information may be
removed 
from the model 
release 
to protect the privacy of the model. 
Other than model releases for r
ecognizable persons on Images 
identified as released, 500px grants no rights and makes no warranties with regard to the use of names, 
trademarks, trade dress, registered, unregistered or copyrighted designs or works of art or architecture depicted in 
any I
mage, and Licensee must satisfy itself that all the necessary rights or consents regarding any of the above, as 
may be required for reproduction, have been obtained.
6. 
Indemnity and Legal Coverage
.
6.1. 
500px Indemnity
. Provided Licensee is not 
otherwise in breach of this Agreement and subject to Sections 
6.4 and 7 of this Agreement, Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of the representations and
warranties, 500px shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its parent, s
ubsidiaries and
commonly owned or controlled affiliates and their respective officers, directors and employees from all
damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs), arising out of or connected
with any actual lawsuit 
or legal proceeding alleging that 500px is in breach of its warranties set forth in Section
7 of this Agreement. 
No other indemnification is offered by 500px under this Agreement
.
6.2. 
Licensee Indemnity
. Licensee agrees to defend, indemnify and hold 500p
x and its parent, subsidiaries and 
commonly owned or controlled affiliates and their respective officers, directors and employees harmless from all 
damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs), arising out of or as a r
esult of 
claims by third parties relating to Licensee's use of any Image(s) outside the scope of this Agreement; modification 
of any Images or combination of any Images, with any text or other content; or any other breach by Licensee of 
this Agreement. 500
px shall not be liable for any damages, costs or losses arising as a result of modifications 
made to the Images or due to the context in which the Images are used by Licensee.
6.3. 
Indemnification Conditions
. The parties’ indemnity obligations contained i
n this Agreement are conditioned 
upon the indemnified party: (i) promptly providing the other party with written notice of any claim; (ii) giving the 
other party control of such defense and settlement, provided that the indemnifying party shall not make an
y 
settlement which imposes any material obligations on the indemnified party without the prior written consent of the 
indemnified party; and (iii) providing the indemnifying party with all reasonable information necessary to defend 
such claim.
6.4. 
Legal 
Coverage
. All standard licenses include up to US$10,000 indemnification coverage per licensed Image 
and extended licenses include up to US$250,000 indemnification coverage per licensed image, if 500px
breaches any of its warranties set forth in Section 7 o
f this Agreement, subject to the Licensee (a) not
breaching the terms of this Agreement; and (b) using the Images in a manner that is consistent with the terms
of this Agreement.
7. 
Warranties and Limitation of Liability
. 500px warrants (a) it has all nec
essary rights and authority to enter 
into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and grant the rights provided herein; and (b) the authorized 
use of the unaltered Images will not violate any third party copyrights, trademarks, or right of privacy
or publicity to 
the underlying Images if model releases are available.
500PX MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
500PX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY GENERAL, 
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR LOS
T PROFITS 
OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, COSTS OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF LICENSEE'S USE OF THE IMAGES, OR 
OTHERWISE, EVEN IF 500px HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, COSTS OR 
LOSSES. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF 500PX OR ANY O
F ITS 
SUBSIDIARIES,
SUCCESSORS, PREDECESSORS, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, OR CONTENT 
CONTRIBUTORS, OR THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, OR 
LICENSORS OWED TO LICENSEE
OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH LICENSEE ARISING 
FROM THIS AGREEM
ENT, ITS
TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION, AND/OR LICENSEE’S USE OF ANY 
IMAGES PROVIDED BY 500PX, EXCEED
$10,000 PER IMAGE LICENSED OR $250,000 PER IMAGE 
LICENSED WITH EXTENDED LEGAL COVERAGE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE 
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIE
D WARRANTIES OR
LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF 
DAMAGES.
8. 
Payment Terms
. 
Although you may be allowed to use the Images before payment is received by 500px, your 
use of any Images will be considered to be unlicensed 
until full payment of 500px’s invo
ice is received
pursuant to 
500px’s payment terms
. 
Unless credit terms have specifically been agreed upon in writing by 500px, payment of 
500px's invoices must be received within thirty (30) days of its date (net of any discounts). The Licensee agrees t
o 
pay 500px a service charge of 1.5% percent per month on any unpaid balance after this time period for the use of 
any Image. Any disputes concerning the invoice must be submitted in writing, within thirty (30) days of the invoice 
date, or the Licensee sha
ll be deemed to have accepted the invoice as issued.
9. 
Cancellation Policy
. All licenses are final; no refunds or credits will be allowed.
10. 
Copyright Infringement and Liquidated Damages
. In the event that the Licensee utilizes any Image
without 
a license, 500px reserves the right to seek damages through a legal claim unless the Licensee agrees to 
reimburse 500px, as liquidated damages, a sum equal to 
at least 
five (5) times the market value price charged for 
such use of an Image. If the Licensee 
fails to make the payment as outlined above, within thirty (30) days of 
500px’s invoicing such fee, this liquidated damage provision shall be void and 500px reserves the right to sue 
Licensee (including without limitation Licensee’s client(s) and end
-
user(
s)) for copyright infringement, including 
attorneys' fees and all associated costs.
11. 
Termination
. The license contained in this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice from 500px if 
Licensee fails to comply with any provision of this Agre
ement. Upon termination, Licensee must immediately (i) 
stop using the Images; (ii) destroy or, upon the request of 500px, return the Images to 500px; and (iii) delete or 
remove the Images from Licensee's premises, computer systems and storage (electronic o
r physical).
12. 
Revocation
. 500px reserves the right to revoke the license to use any Image for good cause and elect to 
replace such Image with an alternative Image. Upon notice of any revocation of a license for any Image, Licensee 
shall immediately cea
se using such Images, shall take all reasonable steps to discontinue use of the replaced 
Images in products that already exist and shall inform all end
-
users and clients of same. If the Image(s) is used on 
a social media or other third party website; the I
mages may only be used as part of another work and not as a 
stand
-
alone file; and any rights shall automatically be revoked in the event that the third party website seeks to 
exploit purported rights to the Images contrary to the terms of this Agreement.
13. 
Severability
. If one or more of the provisions contained in the Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be 
affected. Such provisions shal
l be reformed only to the extent to make it enforceable.
14. 
Choice of Law/Attorneys’ Fees
. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
province of Ontario and the applicable laws of Canada, without reference to any laws relatin
g to conflicts of laws. 
Licensee agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the provincial and federal courts located in Toronto, 
Ontario, Canada. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not govern 
this Ag
reement. If 500px is obligated to go to court to enforce any of its rights, the Licensee agrees to reimburse 
500px for its legal fees and disbursements (including attorneys’ fees and costs) if 500px is successful.
15. 
Waiver
. No action of 500px, other tha
n express written waiver, may be construed as a waiver of any provision 
of this Agreement.
16. 
Entire Contract
. This Agreement (including any invoice issued to Licensee) contains all the terms of the 
license agreement and no terms or conditions may be add
ed or deleted unless made in writing and signed by an 
authorized representative of both parties. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms contained herein 
and the terms contained on any purchase order or other writing sent by Licensee, the terms
of this Agreement 
shall govern.
